Intro:

'Updating the small business Realtors with modern technology to keep us from going extinct to corporations like Redfin and Zillow.' 

Right now I'm just trying to see if this is a good idea or if I'm just imagining these needs in our community. 


'After noticing the influence of Redfin and Zillow on our industry, I starting feeling like it's only a matter of time before the small business model for Realtors (like ours) would become the minority and real estate agents would be salaried position with tech companies. My counter to this is to become relevant to the tech industry. So, I joined the Tech Academy for a bootcamp and learned a TON. Now that I'm done with that I'm seeing the amount of possible innovation in this industry and I'm disappointed at how companies like Redfin and Zillow take advantage of this by keeping that innovation behind their doors. So, I'm considering creating a tool for Realtors that makes us as powerful as the Redfin agent and maybe even more powerful because of our simultaneous independence. 

Before making this tool I want to make sure that it's actually a useful idea so I'm talking to a few friends in the industry about what they would want from something like this.' 

'This is not a marketing tool. It will not claim to bring you any leads or anything like that.'


Name: Camille 
Age: 50+
Years as Realtor: 5

Is ease more important than speed? 

Favorite Marketing: Started out door knocking. Organizes communal garage sales. And stays in contact with past clients/friends. 




Current experience with technology
What apps do you currently use for real estate?
Her clients use Realtor.com or other apps. She just uses the rmls and spreadsheets. 



Do you ever suggest to your clients to use certain apps?
No




RMLS opinion
1. How often do you use the RMLS?
Just for the private remarks and seller/agent info.



(Other than just looking up if a listing is vacant for a showing) what do you use the RMLS for?
Nothing


2. What role does the RMLS play when communicating with your clients?

I don't use it for communicating with clients at all. 



3. What do your clients usually say about listings or info you send them directly from the RMLS?
I don't send them listings. I tell them to look it up on redfin or they send me the listings.

 

4. How do you think the RMLS could improve?
I don't really relate to that question because I don't use it much.


Notes:
She liked the idea of being able to communicate with her clients about info on the rmls easier than she currently does but is really not interested in 'adding another tool' mostly because of the potential learning curb. 


My take aways:
 Considering the last two interviews, there is a certain population of agents that won't care to use this, or any other tool for that matte. Making this SUPER easy in every way is the most important thing. Ease over all. Integrating with the rmls is very important in the political sense as well. Camille though it would be great for me to post about this in masters. 
So, next steps may be to just go straight to calling the rmls and talking to them about what I'm doing as the 'RMLS Buddy' then moving towards masters. I can call tomorrow.. 


