Intro:

'Updating the small business Realtors with modern technology to keep us from going extinct to corporations like Redfin and Zillow.' 

Right now I'm just trying to see if this is a good idea or if I'm just imagining these needs in our community. 


'After noticing the influence of Redfin and Zillow on our industry, I starting feeling like it's only a matter of time before the small business model for Realtors (like ours) would become the minority and real estate agents would be salaried position with tech companies. My counter to this is to become relevant to the tech industry. So, I joined the Tech Academy for a bootcamp and learned a TON. Now that I'm done with that I'm seeing the amount of possible innovation in this industry and I'm disappointed at how companies like Redfin and Zillow take advantage of this by keeping that innovation behind their doors. So, I'm considering creating a tool for Realtors that makes us as powerful as the Redfin agent and maybe even more powerful because of our simultaneous independence. 

Before making this tool I want to make sure that it's actually a useful idea so I'm talking to a few friends in the industry about what they would want from something like this.' 

'This is not a marketing tool. It will not claim to bring you any leads or anything like that.'


Name: Jewel 
Age: 60+
Years as Realtor: 25

Is ease more important than speed? 

Favorite Marketing: Talking to friends




Current experience with technology
What apps do you currently use for real estate?
Redfin, Google docs, 



Do you ever suggest to your clients to use certain apps?
Redfin 'I don't use the RMLS but to look at private remarks.'




RMLS opinion
1. How often do you use the RMLS?
Sparsely



(Other than just looking up if a listing is vacant for a showing) what do you use the RMLS for?
Nothing


2. What role does the RMLS play when communicating with your clients?

None, I use Redfin or work with sellers.



3. What do your clients usually say about listings or info you send them directly from the RMLS?
I don't send them listings. I tell them to look it up on redfin or they send me the listings.

 

4. How do you think the RMLS could improve?
It could be integrated with google docs, email, etc. It would be great it additionally had features where you could write notes about listings that have been seen, etc… 


Notes:
This is an example of a realtor that wouldn't be so interested in the changes that are being made specifically to the RMLS but clearly mentioned she'd be interested in having a tool where she could speak with clients about listings, send emails, etc. 


My take aways:
After figuring out how to pull info from rmls,  redfin, etc.. the most useful tool might be notes per listing, lists, and client profiles in general. A super simplified CRM specifically as it relates to the rmls. 

Client profiles as they relate to information pulled from the rmls. 
